[CUBRIDMAN-89] Add new pages for CREATE PROCEDURE, CREATE FUNCTION and CALL (#329)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/schema/stored_routine_stmt.rst

::

    CREATE [OR REPLACE] PROCEDURE procedure_name [(<parameter_definition> [, <parameter_definition>] ...)]
    {IS | AS} LANGUAGE JAVA <java_call_specification>
    COMMENT 'sp_comment_string';
    
        <parameter_definition> ::= parameter_name [IN|OUT|IN OUT|INOUT] sql_type [COMMENT 'param_comment_string']
        <java_call_specification> ::= NAME 'java_method_name (java_type [,java_type]...) [return java_type]'

*   *procedure_name*: Specifies the name of the stored procedure(maximum 254 bytes).
*   *parameter_name*: Specifies the name of the parameter (maximum 254 bytes).
*   *sql_type*: Specifies the data type of the parameter. See details on the data types that can be used for the parameter, refer to the :ref:`jsp-type-mapping`.
*   *param_comment_string*: Specifies comment of the parameter.
*   *sp_comment_string*: Specifies comment of the stored procedure.
*   *java_method_name*: Specifies the name of Java method name, including the name of the class it belongs to.
*   *java_type*: Specifies the Java data type. See details on the Java data types that can be used to return, refer to the :ref:`jsp-type-mapping`.

> You must publish Java classes by using Java Call Specifications (<*java_call_specification*>) becuase it is not known how a function in a class will be called by SQL statements or Java applications when Java classes are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must publish Java classes by using Java Call Specifications (<*java_call_specification*>) because it is unknown how a function in a class will be called by SQL statements or Java applications when Java classes are loaded.
```

.. code-block:: sql

    SELECT * FROM db_stored_procedure WHERE sp_type = 'PROCEDURE';
    
::
    
    sp_name               sp_type               return_type             arg_count  lang target                owner
    ================================================================================
    'athlete_add'         'PROCEDURE'           'void'                          4  'JAVA''Athlete.Athlete(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String)'  'DBA'

.. code-block:: sql
    
    SELECT * FROM db_stored_procedure_args WHERE sp_name = 'athlete_add';
    
::
    
    sp_name   index_of  arg_name  data_type      mode
    =================================================
     'athlete_add'                   0  'name'                'STRING'              'IN'
     'athlete_add'                   1  'gender'              'STRING'              'IN'
     'athlete_add'                   2  'nation_code'         'STRING'              'IN'
     'athlete_add'                   3  'event'               'STRING'              'IN'

DROP PROCEDURE
==============

In CUBRID, A stored proceudre can be deleted using the **DROP PROCEDURE** statement.

> Also, you can delete multiple stored procedures at a time with several *procedure_name*s separated by a comma (,).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can delete multiple stored procedures at the same time with several *procedure_name*s separated by a comma (,).
```

::

    CREATE [OR REPLACE] FUNCTION function_name [(<parameter_definition> [, <parameter_definition>] ...)] RETURN sql_type
    {IS | AS} LANGUAGE JAVA <java_call_specification>
    COMMENT 'sp_comment_string';
    
        <parameter_definition> ::= parameter_name [IN|OUT|IN OUT|INOUT] sql_type [COMMENT 'param_comment_string']
        <java_call_specification> ::= NAME 'java_method_name (java_type [,java_type]...) [return java_type]'

*   *function_name*: Specifies the name of the stored function(maximum 254 bytes).
*   *parameter_name*: Specifies the name of the parameter (maximum 254 bytes).
*   *sql_type*: Specifies the data type of the parameter or of the return value. See details on the data types that can be used for the parameter, refer to the :ref:`jsp-type-mapping`.
*   *param_comment_string*: Specifies comment of the parameter.
*   *sp_comment_string*: Specifies comment of the stored function.
*   *java_method_name*: Specifies the name of Java method name, including the name of the class it belongs to.
*   *java_type*: Specifies the Java data type. See details on the Java data types that can be used to return, refer to the :ref:`jsp-type-mapping`.

> You must publish Java classes by using Java Call Specifications (<*java_call_specification*>) becuase it is not known how a function in a class will be called by SQL statements or Java applications when Java classes are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must publish Java classes by using Java Call Specifications (<*java_call_specification*>) because it is unknown how a function in a class will be called by SQL statements or Java applications when Java classes are loaded.
```

The **db_stored_procedure_args** system virtual table provides the information on parameters used in the stored function/procedure.

.. code-block:: sql

    SELECT * FROM db_stored_procedure WHERE sp_type = 'FUNCTION';
    
::
    
    sp_name               sp_type               return_type             arg_count  lang target                owner
    ================================================================================
    'hello'               'FUNCTION'            'STRING'                        0  'JAVA''SpCubrid.HelloCubrid() return java.lang.String'  'DBA'
     
    'sp_int'              'FUNCTION'            'INTEGER'                       1  'JAVA''SpCubrid.SpInt(int) return int'  'DBA'

.. code-block:: sql
    
    SELECT * FROM db_stored_procedure_args WHERE sp_name = 'sp_int';
    
::
    
    sp_name   index_of  arg_name  data_type      mode
    =================================================
     'sp_int'                        0  'i'                   'INTEGER'             'IN'

DROP FUNCTION
==============

In CUBRID, A stored function can be deleted using the **DROP FUNCTION** statement.

> Also, you can delete multiple stored functions at a time with several *function_name*s separated by a comma (,).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can delete multiple stored functions at the same time with several *function_name*s separated by a comma (,).
```
